hi to all friends so we get
found for a little special video
today I had decided on you
present a fashion presentation on
different tractor I did one on
reapers so there they are not in
the world according to the powers a
meaning I do not care I'll start with
there and then I'll go slowly
and tell you what I think so we
starts with the curriculum 16 14
so you can see an old ring
tractors that makes 150 horses that is
well detailed well we see a
shift and it's all
a noise goes up to 30 1 inside it is
well it is not bad and all that so
I will not have fun at all and start
a I mean it's really words
that I recommend you this is
really a very beautiful fashion I
found found not long ago
that one then we go on the de
it's at groton ttv 630 so that one
it's a pack with the sam will go 190 and
the lamborghini tunes 690 duke this mode there
I adore them too if he is
rarely done well you can move
flying and so on it's a very pretty
tractor I mean without any
hesitation I propose to you that is
fashion and it really has been fashion and in
all the details
finally it is rarely really well done
so it's also a tractor that I
so I recommend it to you without
no problem so at the site
then sorry we go on fad the
favorite fox 818 so 180 horses
so he is also nice by the way
I do not know why this is
plays upside down it's also a little
nice tractor I love them
well I do not use it too often
but I also use it because it is
to do well it works well and that's
a nice tractor
so I have nothing to say about it
also recommend that afterwards we not
on the biggest on fad 936 vario
so 360 horses
so it's a very nice fashion too
we can have no function by
against that it's a little pity apart
opening doors and so on
otherwise it's a pretty nice tractor alone
little trick there you see the fires that
flash there I already tried everything I
can not stop them so if
never know you do not hesitate to me
to say it
so it's also a small tractor a
small is also a tractor
friendly anyway which I
therefore also recommend 1724
vario so sunna frozen already presented two
I will not dwell on it so I
also recommend it's a very pretty
tractor very well fashion and very well
realized so there is really nothing to say
on it so as I say I'll go
on because good I already presented
so the 6150 r is the same
very very nice tractor I love them
a lot I use it with the charger
frontal for that there's no problem
it's a very nice tractor
versatile he goes everywhere he has the
power finally he is really really
well done as you can finally see
by the way like all modes there that
all the tractors that I started they
are all really wonder I have nothing to
say on it
so I also recommend you to
little info all the modes you
see there except ursus to see that I say
no bullshit other than the curriculum the
6610 of 7800 and the 28 50 cd mode that
you can download on mono steurs
the other for sure it ls planet info
seems so then we will continue with
the john deere 6610 that I downloaded
there is no long time possibility of
put a front loader twinning
he is well made of many teeth he
is well done I like so small
three points hydraulic
personally I appreciate them
so it's a nice tractor you can
see he has some he still has to
the equipment so I recommend
it is really a little flat when
you not put her weight before it
is very very fast even with a plow
three bodies
so you have to put weight on him but otherwise
it goes very well then we go on
john deere 7810 so I want to
to say that one is my favorite
of all I have them especially this very good
me it's my little crush I
found at the same time as 6610 so I
forgot to specify at 9150 air 150
horses the fool 240 the one there he in
does 125 am there I do not know exactly
how much faye should do in the 160 180
horses I think so it's also a
nice tractor so this is the series 0 am
there but it is not bad too
possibility of twinning
to open the lift at the front and so on
I recommend it to you and you can
add the fenders also shot I
crowd road
so I recommend it too it's
also a very very nice tractor me
I like then the 28 50 so
maybe it's the smallest of
all 95 horsepower 4 wheel drive
it's a small 4 cylinders
me personally it's a tractor
I love because it is compact
is extremely compact it goes everywhere
it's not bad fashion and you see
the lighting is nice
good it's a bit dark in it but
otherwise he's really nice for
a small tractor not promise you a
strawberry behind or a mixer
it's just it's just what does it take
so I also recommend a little
downside I think he does not have any
beacon that's the little one
flat is then then we move on
360 horses on the John Deere 8360
look so then this one here I love them
also a lot I prefer a fan
but that's good my taste 360
horses I could compare with
the other 1936 the ba ba for me for me
it's the one that binds a person
then inside the interior so
you have leem no other than
you can see a lot of things small
advantage twinning front back on
so it's not bad either so it's
really a tractor that I you
also recommend because it is
awesome
I love it then we finish on a
mode that you can not download
on any site
it's lamborghini and recipes 220
so that's the giant tractor they
have offered in s and titanium
so I also present it because it
is pretty me I like them
aesthetically it is really pretty
looks like August 2nd without faux-pas must
to admit it but it is really pretty to
the interior is simple but he
is well done anyway so 220
horses
it's also my little tractor
me as said all these words beyond I you
recommend them without hesitation I have not
put all the modes that I thought because
that otherwise we would not finish so I
do it again episode number two with
others so me I tell you I you
recommend them download the I hope
that this video you liked go good
evening everyone ciao everyone